NMS-14634: Add alt text to Operation (pt. 3) (#5717)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/topology.adoc

== Properties

The topology map supports the following properties.
You can configure them by editing `etc/org.opennms.features.topology.app.cfg`:

[cols="1,3,1,1"]
|===
| Property  | Description   | Type  | Default Value

| showHeader
| Defines if the {page-component-title} header is shown.
| Boolean
| true

| autoRefresh.enabled
| Enables auto-refresh.
| Boolean
| false

| autoRefresh.interval
| Defines the auto-refresh interval, in seconds.
| Integer
| 60

| hiddenCategoryPrefix
| Hides categories based on a defined prefix.

> For example, a value of `server` will hide all categories starting with "server".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a value of `server` hides all categories starting with "server".
```

The resolution is enabled only if no longitude or latitude information is available.
| String
| _Blank_
|===

== Edge status

The choice of topology provider controls the status and color of an edge.
Each topology provider has different notions of what an edge represents, and may provide different controls for managing the behavior.

=== Linkd Topology Provider

The Linkd Topology Provider uses the state and existence of alarms to determine the color of an edge.
An edge between two vertices on a topology map represents a link that has been discovered between two interfaces on distinct nodes.
If an alarm is present with the UEI `uei.opennms.org/internal/topology/linkDown`, and the alarm is associated with either of the interfaces on either node, then the edge is red.
If no such alarm is present, the edge is green.

These alarms are not generated by default.
Enable them by setting the `logmsg` property in the `uei.opennms.org/internal/topology/linkDown` and `uei.opennms.org/internal/topology/linkUp` events to `logndisplay`.
These events are automatically generated by the default set of event translator rules that process incoming SNMP link up and down traps.

== Icons

> Each vertex on the topology map is represented by an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An icon represents each vertex on the topology map.
```
